doc: Add documentation for replica recovery on RKE2 and k3s (#1083)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/advanced-resources/data-recovery/export-from-replica.md

   ```
   docker run -v /dev:/host/dev -v /proc:/host/proc -v /var/lib/longhorn/replicas/pvc-06b4a8a8-b51d-42c6-a8cc-d8c8d6bc65bc-d890efb2:/volume --privileged longhornio/longhorn-engine:v{{< current-version >}} launch-simple-longhorn pvc-06b4a8a8-b51d-42c6-a8cc-d8c8d6bc65bc 1073741824
   ```

   Containerd (RKE2/k3s)

>    To export the content of the volume in RKE2/k3s, you will need to create a static pod manifest. This manifest will launch the Longhorn engine and expose the volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To export the content of the volume in RKE2/k3s, you need to create a static pod manifest. This manifest will launch the Longhorn engine and expose the volume.
```

   Create a file named `longhorn-recovery.yaml` under `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/pod-manifests/` with the following content:

   ```
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: Pod
   metadata:
     name: longhorn-recovery
     namespace: longhorn-system
   spec:
     hostPID: true
     containers:
     - name: engine
       image: longhornio/longhorn-engine:v<current-version>
       securityContext:
         privileged: true
       command: ["launch-simple-longhorn"]
       args: ["<volume-name>", "<volume-size-in-bytes>"]
       volumeMounts:
       - name: dev
         mountPath: /host/dev
       - name: proc
         mountPath: /host/proc
       - name: data
         mountPath: /volume
     volumes:
     - name: dev
       hostPath:
         path: /dev
     - name: proc
       hostPath:
         path: /proc
     - name: data
       hostPath:
         path: <host-path-to-replica>
     restartPolicy: Never
   ```

>   Replace `<current-version>` with the Longhorn version you are using, `<volume-name>` with the name of the volume you want to recover, and `<host-path-to-replica>` with the path to the replica directory you found in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Replace the placeholders with the following:
   - `<current-version>`: The version of Longhorn you are using.
   - `<volume-name>`: The name of the volume you want to recover.
   - `<host-path-to-replica>`: The path to the replica directory you found in Step 1.
```
